The Kharsaid Python package is the beating heart of the Kharsaid web application. In fact, all the scientific computational algorithms of Kharsaid are included in this package to make its development process easier, faster and more accurate. But what are these computational algorithms? If you have visited the Kharsaid web application repository in this account (https://github.com/xarsed/xarsed-wa-v0.0.0), you have noticed that Kharsaid has focused on designing an algorithm to estimate the dimensions of a photovoltaic-battery system in the first step. This means that Kharsaid tries to create a scientific relationship between energy consumption, production and storage. In this path, the most basic parameters are air temperature, solar radiation and electricity consumption. In the first step, Kharsaid must determine the output power of a photovoltaic panel from the amount of radiation at the desired point. Since the available data for radiation is usually for horizontal surfaces; as a result, an algorithm must be designed to convert horizontal radiation to other types such as radiation on the surface of a tilted panel or a tracker panel. This algorithm is included in the radiation_calculation function. This function requires the azimuth and zenith angles of the sun at each location. For this purpose, another function called solar_position provides the location of the sun in the sky based on longitude and latitude. Various functions are included in different modules of KharSaid, which you can use by examining each one according to your needs. If you are a specialist in the field of solar systems or a developer, you can contribute to the development of KharSaid by examining the Python codes of the KharSaid package or providing your valuable ideas. Also, if you wish to donate financially, the Bitcoin address below will pave the way for you to help KharSaid:<br/>
<br/>
bc1qqfquzlel207trs8ek22lrtt28lyg3xpx62lfar
<br/>
KharSaid always welcomes any support and empathy from you.<br/>
Finally if you want to try KharSaid web app, you can check out the link below:<br/>
https://xarsed.pythonanywhere.com
